

Orientation (called 'cross layer' in CFOP and 'first layer' in LBL):

	Choose here the cube orientation for the required solves. Selections with many
	orientations (All, U & D, etc.) requires more processing time than specific 
	orientations (U, UF, etc.)

	The orientations refer to the position of the cube when you perform the scramble.
	For example, if you perform the scramble with the white face up and the green face
	in the front, the DR (down-right) orientation will be with yellow face up and red
	face in the front.


Max. Inspections:

	Is the maximum number of solves that will be analyzed for each orientation.

	It's possible not to reach the required number of inspections, as not all 
	orientations provide the same amount of solves, or even not solves at all.


Cancellations:

	If the cancellation option is enabled, cancellation of movements will be applyed to
	each solution in order to get the lower metric (STM by default). Cancellations metric
	will be shown surrounded by parentheses at the begining of each solve, near the 
	regular metric. This metric will be used for evaluate the best solve, if the best solve
	option is enabled.


Best Solve:
	
	If this option is enabled, the best solve (with lower metric) will be shown in detail.


Regrips:

	If regrips are enabled, turns will be added to the solutions to get more comfortable
	movements.


Search depth:

	With the depth(s) parameter(s) you control how deep is the search of the solves. With a 
	value of 6 you should obtain some solves (not always). A value of 7 gives you more 
	solves and a value of 8 should give you at least one solve in each orientation (usually
	many more). Take care, as the search time increases exponentially with this value, for 
	example, in my computer a value of 6 lasts around 1-2 seconds, a value of 8 around 
	15-20 seconds, with a depth of 8 a few minutes, and with 9 (the maximum allowed) can be
	an hour or more. This times are relative, as many factors have influence.


Cache:

	If you enable the cache, the first step of the selected method (cross for CFOP, first
	block for Roux, etc.) will be calculated 10-15% slower, as a generic search will be done
	and it will be stored in memory. If you perform a new search changing the method or some
	paramaters, but you use the same scramble and the same search depth, it will be much faster,
	as the first step, usually the longer, will be taken from cache. This is very useful if you
	want to analyze the same scramble using different methods.

	If cache is disabled, each search will always perform all the steps.

	So, if you plan to analyze the same scramble several times with a search depth of 7 or 8,
	enable cache. If you plan to evaluate a new scramble each time, or you have a search depth
	lower than 7, disable it.

	Cache requires a high use of memory, so depths higher than 8 are not allowed.

	Make sure the depth have the same value that when you perform the search for first time, or
	the cache won't work (Roux second block depth and Petrus F2L depth don't affect to cache).


Cores:

	This parameter specifies the amount of CPU cores used in the search. A '0' value means all
	available cores will be used.

History:

	Each time you get a search result, the report will be saved in the history, so you can
	perform several searches without losing your results.
